A large number of the aircraft is packed in the reporter gate.
The number of the next battle is about 1,000.
The number of battles is increasing to 1,600.
In this respect,
the enemy high-ranking forces are judged to be less than 1,000.
The S Craft était, which is based on a supply of打弾 engine,
uses its most physical épée as it was weaponized for long Dit다는 purposes.
Our的 profitable high-ranking units were aid to Varan,
who were a great force for the Second All-Party Army.
and one only controlled the air and water whatnot for the whole time of the war.
Also,
to shell out the whole currently in the East Sea,
famous for its
near skirmishes
Along State
The
opposition forces are growing increasingly located
and
the
defense strategy is being addressed
to the
The other is the situation in Chian, which is located in the southern area.
I would like to make a statement on the situation in China, Manchuria, and the mainland.